README.md, before:

# DevTinder

- create Vite+React+Tailwind project
- remove unessary files
- install daisy UI
- Add Navbar Component to app.jsx
- create Navbar.jsx component and add it to app.jsx
- install react-router-dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/ Body > RouteChildren
- Create an Outlet in your Body Component
- Create a footer
- Create login page
- install axios
- CORS - install cors in backkend => add middleware to with configuration: origin, credentials: true
- whenever you're making a request to the backend, pass axios {withCredentials: true}
- install redux-tooolkit
- create redux store
- configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store.
- login and see update as soon as user logs in
- navbar should update as soon as user logs in
- refactor our code add constants file + create a component folder
- you should not be access other routes without login.
- If token is not present, redirect user to login page
- Logout feature
- Profile

  body
  Navbar
  Route=/ => Feed
  Route=/login => Login
  Route=/connections => Connections
  Route=/profile => Profile

Commit message:

Feed page & Edit Profile page

README.md, after:

# DevTinder

- create Vite+React+Tailwind project
- remove unessary files
- install daisy UI
- Add Navbar Component to app.jsx
- create Navbar.jsx component and add it to app.jsx
- install react-router-dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/ Body > RouteChildren
- Create an Outlet in your Body Component
- Create a footer
- Create login page
- install axios
- CORS - install cors in backkend => add middleware to with configuration: origin, credentials: true
- whenever you're making a request to the backend, pass axios {withCredentials: true}
- install redux-tooolkit
- create redux store
- configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store.
- login and see update as soon as user logs in
- navbar should update as soon as user logs in
- refactor our code add constants file + create a component folder
- you should not be access other routes without login.
- If token is not present, redirect user to login page
- Logout feature
- Get the feed and add the feed in the store
- build the user card on feed

  body
  Navbar
  Route=/ => Feed
  Route=/login => Login
  Route=/connections => Connections
  Route=/profile => Profile
